The following dataset for the need of the predictive maintenance analysis is from the elevator industry and comes from Huawei German Research Center.
This data is found useful in perfoming analysis of elevator doors what may raise the amount of equipment life cycles and reduce unplanned stops, what usually cause additional costs.
The sensors records were taken during the evening usage of an elevator between 4:30 pm and 11:30 pm.
There is a lot of different components such as for example motor fans, gearboxes, humidity  that may have an impact on the health of the elevator systems, but some of them have more impact than the others. Such components were gathered in this dataset where we deal with 3 columns that correspond to different sensors.
Ball-bearing (that is present in driving pulley that is present in the traction system which is the driving force of an elevator) is a component that is responsible for friction-free movement of the elevator system. Due to the constant tension present in steel catenary lines, the component is constantly wearing out. As a result of friction between the catenary lines, there is resistance on the pulley and ultimately bearing wear occurs. The sensors records are given one revolutions unit.
Vibration sensor, on the other hand, refers to the phenomenon of vibration produced by the mechanical motor located in the traction system, and is also an attribute that determines the health of the motor. The records are given in dB.
The last of the sensors in this database is humidity which refers to the external (atmospheric) conditions that occurred at the time of data collection. The values are given in percentages.